# CS370
Repository for SNHU CS-370 - Current/Emerging Trends in CS

This project presented an opportunity to experiment with and observe how a specific form of reinforcement learning could be applied to an agent, which acts as the pirate in this scenario. The agent is placed into a grid space where some spaces have obstacles that cannot be passed and some spaces are empty, but ultimately the agent needs to discover a path that leads them to the end of the maze. The initial project consisted of a few files, such as TreasureMaze.py and GameExperience.py. Some basic start code was provided, which included some pseudocode that was meant to be updated. I was tasked with incorporating code that was serve as the way in which the agent would train itself and interact with its environment. Specifically, I implemented code to create a Deep Q-learning algorithm, establish the policy the agent and algorithm would follow to balanace exploration and exploitaton, as well as utilize experience replay for the random sampling and training of the agent in the game. I was also tasked with running and documenting the attempts the agent would make when learning the maze. 

This ties into the larger question of what do computer scientists do and why it matters. In a nutshell, Computer Scientists are tasked with solving complex problems and finding complicated and often creative solutions to various issues. Whether that be in the form of improving efficiency, optimizing, or providing other specialists the tools they need to work. This strongly relates to a lot of the material covered in this course, which focuses on AI and how it takes a lot of work to train and deploy a system. But these systems can dramatically alter how people conduct themselves, how businesses interact with their customers, and how much a process can scale. All of these have positive and negative consequences that could come about. It's the job of a computer scientist to solve these problems and do so in an ethical and responsible way. 

The ways in which a computer scientist approach problems is going to differ dramatically from person to person, so it's difficult to give an overarching and generalized answer to how a computer scientist "should" approach problems. Generally, most would agree that it's best to break down a complex problem into much more manageable components. Ensuring one has a strong understanding of what is needed or required by the client is essential before work can begin. This involves a design process. Once that is accomplished, the actual designing process can begin, which would often include applying well-established algorithms and design principles. Lastly, the iterative process would kick into effect in which the project is developed, tested, refined, tested, etc., until the final product is ready to go. 

As mentioned earlier, a computer scientist has a responsibility to two parties that are often opposing or require conflicting actions from the developer. On one hand, a developer has a responsibility to the business or organization to provide the best end product that satisfies their business needs. Those needs could be harvesting any sort of user data possible and selling it to businesses for advertising, or it could be a need for developing a tool to crawl the internet for media monitoring purposes. However, a developer also has a responsibility to the user to ensure their privacy is repsected, their information kept secure, and to maintain as much tarnsparency and autonomy as possible for them to use. 
